Now once you have determined your bid and Budget the next step then is to just set or adjust these additional
campaign settings not really finish the first step in and setting a pre-campaign process.
And there are quite a few different additional campaign settings that you can adjust.
I will just run through them briefly with them with you so you can understand what they are.
And the first one here is delivery method and you can see by default that will be set to standard which
really means that your budget will be spread over the entire time.
So if you've set a daily budget of €20 then it will spend the budget evenly over the course of the day.
If you click accelerated Well then this could really spend all your budget in the first hour of the
day.
So usually you just want to leave it as a standard delivery method then moving on then you can select
the start date for your campaign.
By default it'll really be today.
You can adjust that if you want it started next week.
And once you can also do is putting an end date if you want as well so you can maybe set the date from
seven days from now.
See your week campaign that you really know an end date of it and you can assess the results on the
basis of that rather than just letting the campaign continue.
Now after that we have the option to add extensions to our ADD.
And there's quite a few different ones sightline call extensions review sessions et cetera.
Here's a visual of really what these extensions can add to your advertisements.
So we're setting up a simple text ad but there is the option to add all these extensions in for example
the site linked extensions which will show a link to certain pages on your Web site.
You've got a call extension so you can put in your phone number.
You've got consumer ratings you've got seller ratings by stars.
You can put in a location extension etc. and for the most part you don't need to pay any thing additional
to put these extensions in.
They work on the same basis cost per click if they click on one of these pages then you will just be
paying for that click as you would if they click through on the headline etc..
So if you want to set up these extensions it's pretty simple you can follow the steps.
And what I also recommend you do is go ahead and open up the Adwords help center.
For example if you wanted to put in the Site Link extensions so we can just type in site link at and
let's see you site link maybe.
So we have that exact step by step to set it up etc..
Hide them in and read it and walk you through that.
But now I just wanted to give you kind of an understanding of what those really are.
And you can add those in if you want.
I'd say for your first campaign just skip this step and you can do this later on.
Now our schedule this is something that you might want to change and for example the local business
and you're only open at certain times.
Well then you don't want to show your hours in the hours outside of when you are open or answering the
phones.
You can set up that ad Cheryle there and then moving on then there are a couple of option other options
there which you probably don't need to know about right now.
So you can adjust to any of those settings as you want.
And then just go ahead and click save and continue and then that will bring us through to the second
step in our campaign set up process which is to set up our groups and this is where we can really put
in the targeting for our certain keywords that we want to target.